fix(seq-doc) Add title and TOC. (#474)
scramjetorg/transform-hub: docs/read-more/how-to-write-a-sequence.md

# Scramjet Sequence - how to write a program?

- [Producing data (output stream)](#producing-data-output-stream)
- [Consuming data (input stream)](#consuming-data-input-stream)
- [Transforming data](#transforming-data)
- [Sequence arguments](#sequence-arguments)
- [Sending data between Sequences (topics)](#sending-data-between-sequences-topics)
- [Standard streams (stdin/stdout/stderr)](#standard-streams-stdinstdoutstderr)
- [Debugging (logger)](#debugging-logger)

Sequence is a program that produces, consumes or transforms data. It’s a function or an array of functions. They typically look somewhat like this:

```ts
/** The function parameters are
 * input stream
 * ...params passed to Instance on start
 */
export default function (input, param1, param2) {
    const out = new PassThrough();

    input.on("data", data => {
        out.write("Hello " + data.toString());
    });

    input.on("end", () => {
        this.logger.debug("Input stream ended");
    });

    // it returns an output stream
    return out;
}
```

## Producing data (output stream)

> To stream data from a Sequence you need to return values over time. Some constructs in JavaScript that enable that are NodeJS streams, Generators and Iterables. Whatever you return from your Sequence will be your **_output_** stream. You can choose whatever the solution is right for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stream data from a Sequence, you need to return values over time. Some constructs in JavaScript which enable that are NodeJS streams, Generators and Iterables. Whatever you return from your Sequence will be your **_output_** stream. You can choose whichever solution is right for you.
```
